a crisis has been brewing in the EU and
the impact of which has been felt deeply
in the countries which have been
economically devastated it has now been
confirmed that there has been an
intentional exacerbation of this in
order to destabilize Europe you came
here for the truth today we are going to
look at what is happening in Europe at
this time I want to focus on two
articles and then just mention a few
other points NGOs are smuggling
immigrants into Europe on an industrial
scale for two months using marine
traffic calm we have been monitoring the
movements of ships owned by a couple of
NGOs using the data from this website
here we have kept track of the daily
arrivals of African immigrants in Italy
it turned out that we were witness to a
big scam and an illegal human
trafficking operation and you know that
the trafficking whether it's for sex
trafficking or just trade in general but
this is very big business it's not
allowed to get mainstream news and it
becomes very difficult to get that
information but we know it's big
business we know that it's everywhere we
know what the elite really want I mean
this is the high-level stuff here
something I don't really like to cover
too often NGOs smugglers the Mafia in
cahoots with the European Union have
shipped thousands of illegals into
Europe under the pretext of rescuing
people assisted by the Italian Coast
Guard which coordinated their activities
a lot of this information has been
released now some would say that this is
hearsay but let me just get into the
article the focus article of today since
this Jorge sauce
secretly rushes to Italy as NGOs
activity in the Mediterranean outpaced
political and judicial scrutiny there
are a lot of claims about George Soros
and what he's up to some of it is an
absolute fact that cannot be denied I
want to cover a lot of points from this
year I want to try to move through it
quickly and then after that I'm just
going to mention a few things very
quickly and then end the video please
stay tuned here in the past few weeks
the transport of migrants from the
African Shores has become the case of
national importance for Italy and is now
under investigation from the prosecutor
of Catania who recently testified and it
goes on harsh criticism of the
activities of the NGOs by the way this
is a very well documented article that I
suggest you check out if you want to
have refute any of the surgery just
interested has become the opposition
from the opposition parties normally
more neutral and image immigration
issues and it goes on yet a new element
were further exacerbate the situation
George Soros a billionaire who is
incredibly active politically on both
sides of the Atlantic met in secrecy
with the Prime Minister less than a week
after the latter had commented on the
NGOs activities the meeting was not
listed on the website of course so what
has happened well to talk about this
here George Soros had penned multiple
arguments in favor of immigration as he
always does he's always on the side
trying to be the good guy supposedly but
really the actions are always nefarious
look at what happens with his
organization move on and I'll mention
that in a moment
suggesting the Europe should welcome
Cuba leave us at least 1 million
refugees a year the only thing that that
would do is be stabilize Europe I
understand on one side of it how there's
a humanitarian effort you want to bring
a whole bunch of people in
shelter them clothe them get them jobs
get them working they be able to work in
many of the jobs that people in these
countries don't want to do and I could
see how that could be seen as beneficial
but if you bring a million refugees a
year it's not sort of an organic flow
the assimilation won't happen you're
going to have major problems and you can
see that taking place right now I'm not
going to give my opinion on it I think
that a million refugees here is a bad
idea that's the only thing that I'll say
and I know many of you would agree some
of you may not I'd like to hear your
thoughts on that if you if you think
that Europe can handle a million a year
I'd like to know how and I'm open to
suggestions and that the EU should
create EU think about this
EU bonds to support the attendant
expenses you want more garbage to pay
off the situation here
this is just unbelievable he's no
stranger to NGOs either one of them
migrant offshore aid station facing the
harshest criticism receiving a half a
million dollars from Avaaz another NGO
look at that co-founded by move on an
online community receiving donations
from none other than George Soros
himself they've made some very good
connections in here as I've said this is
a well-documented article Save the
Children another NGO involving the
Mediterranean migrant shipping lists
among its partners open society
foundation George Soros is primary NGO
finally even this one right here listed
among the partners of open society and
the Soros Network source had already
been named by lega Nord as the secret
behind the NGOs as welcome to rival is
bound to create further controversy and
it goes on it's very clear what is
happening right here why would they want
to do this are they trying to be nice I
mean think about this forget about the
opinions forget about what's happening
judge it for yourself do these countries
care about the people who are suffering
in places like Syria and Libya do the
governments of these countries like
Italy like Germany and others do they
care about them and I believe that the
answer is my opinion the answer is no
and I would like to also add absolutely
no because you have people suffering in
these countries already look at Italy
they are in dire straits right now
they're doing terribly and it's getting
worse you look at Portugal you look at
Spain you look at Greece my goodness
Greece why wouldn't these countries want
to help their own people first before
shipping in migrants intentionally and
then trying to be able to deal with
feeding them and clothing them and
everything else
I'm just saying sort of you know what's
the reasoning behind this and to me the
only reasoning is that it's not the
government's themselves it's their
handlers above them that are doing this
intentionally to D stabilize these
nations one by one so we can have the
dominoes fall and what happens when they
fall we can bring in a crisis and that
crisis can be used as an opportunity you
see what I'm saying about that I hope
you'll agree with me I want to know your
opinion absolutely want to know your
opinion on exactly what I just said I'll
quickly just want to know a few other
points here obviously the situation in
Syria is terrible the people are
suffering
no Iran in Turkey on Thursday sign an
agreement on setting up for safe zones
in Syria that the United Nations
describes as promising steps to wind
down the brutal six-year war what I find
interesting about this is well Syria
even involved in this I mean is that
really happening the countries basically
nobody is factoring in what Assad wants
and I think that the country is
completely in bedlam it's in chaos at
this time there's even in the major
cities
there's nothing of sanity happening
right now what does that say about the
future of this anyway I'm just chasing
this and seeing what happens I don't see
this getting anywhere good I know that
this may be seen as a good step but I
still see all of the Isis and al Qaeda
fighters going in to these places from
Iraq from Syria and the surrounding
areas and they're simply destabilizing
these nations and their being there this
is being done with by the funding
provided by the US and all these other
countries moving into this the United
Arab Emirates I just thought this was
interesting just wanted to mention it
they're going to drag an iceberg from
Antarctica to solve the water shortage
set the last 25 years so their plan is
basically take a huge iceberg drag it
all the way to the UAE bring it there
and then they can chip big pieces off
and use that as drinking water now
that's one heck of an operation I don't
know if it's even possible but that that
shows you how bad the situation is I
mean they try to
produce rain in the desert by you know
geoengineering that was successful but
obviously what are the long-term effects
of that it's going to be terrible so
they decided to chop off a piece of an
iceberg and bring it in is going to take
a long time of course to get it there
but that's one possible plan I would
just also like to mention the fact that
when you build entire cities in the
middle notice of the desert where people
simply shouldn't be living you end up in
these crises that's the way I see it
anyway and then this I mean my goodness
I covered how antibiotics are now at the
very very last line there's no stronger
antibiotics available then what is on
the market right now they're not working
on anything new except now scientist
genetically engineer bakers east to
produce penicillin molecules still
working on what you could say is older
technology but they have now genetically
engineered it literally creating a new
level of antibiotics for people to
ingest that is now genetically modified
I mean they just don't stop they don't
stop and the way I see is people are
getting more sick people are getting
more poor and everything's just getting
worse and the solution that we have that
we're provided with are provided by the
people the billionaires and those that
are in control of the system the puppet
masters should we take their advice or
should we run for the hills you decide
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found this video
informative that I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global
collapse even more informative my first
book is basically about the four asset
classes that get into a lot of the
situations about how to profit from each
of those asset classes so a chapter for
each one and then in the new book which
is a much shorter book it's about 110
pages very easy read but it gets into
the money GPS strategy which is
essentially tax incentives reducing your
debt and how to become self-sufficient
that's the way to evade this monetary
system which is controlled by the elite
by the billionaire's of this world who
aim to destabilize everything so we need
to become self-sufficient so that during
this destabilization process we are
going to be sheltered from it if you
want to look through the books just go
to Amazon they have this look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of these books to see
if you like them
take care